Replacing pyviz with holoviz in the README file (#52)
holoviz/pyviz_comms: README.md

# pyviz_comms

> Offers a simple bidirectional communication architecture for HoloViz tools
> including support for Jupyter comms in both the classic notebook and
> Jupyterlab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Offers a simple bidirectional communication architecture between Python and JavaScript, 
with support for Jupyter comms in both the classic notebook and Jupyterlab.
Available for use by any [PyViz](https://pyviz.org) tool, but currently primarily used by
[HoloViz](https://holoviz.org) tools.
```

Author: Looks like a good idea to me.
